V1 (festival concert flyer)

At the outset, a headline band may either be offering a surprise performance or not, with probability 0.5 for each case.
Alex learns whether the surprise performance is happening.
Bailey does not observe this directly.

If the surprise performance is happening, Alex chooses whether to bring the official festival flyer to Bailey or not.
If Alex brings the flyer in the performance case, Bailey then chooses whether to go to the festival or stay home.
If Bailey goes after seeing the flyer in the performance case, the final reward is 1 for Alex and 1 for Bailey.
If Bailey stays home after seeing the flyer in the performance case, the final reward is -2 for Alex and 0 for Bailey.

If Alex does not bring the flyer in the performance case, Bailey still chooses whether to go to the festival or stay home.
If Bailey goes after Alex does not bring the flyer in the performance case, the final reward is 3 for Alex and 1 for Bailey.
If Bailey stays home after Alex does not bring the flyer in the performance case, the final reward is 0 for Alex and 0 for Bailey.

If the surprise performance is not happening, Alex again chooses whether to bring the flyer or not.
If Alex brings the flyer in the no-performance case, Bailey then chooses whether to go to the festival or stay home.
If Bailey goes after seeing the flyer in the no-performance case, the final reward is -1 for Alex and -1 for Bailey.
If Bailey stays home after seeing the flyer in the no-performance case, the final reward is -2 for Alex and 0 for Bailey.

If Alex does not bring the flyer in the no-performance case, Bailey still chooses whether to go to the festival or stay home.
Bailey cannot tell from the missing flyer whether the surprise performance is happening or not.
If Bailey goes after Alex does not bring the flyer in the no-performance case, the final reward is 1 for Alex and -1 for Bailey.
If Bailey stays home after Alex does not bring the flyer in the no-performance case, the final reward is 0 for Alex and 0 for Bailey.