V0 (closest to the textbook)

At the outset, the worker may be either a high-ability type or a low-ability type.
The high-ability type occurs with probability 1/3.
The low-ability type occurs with probability 2/3.
The worker learns her own type.
The firm does not observe the worker’s type.

The worker then chooses whether to get an education or not.
The firm observes whether the worker got an education, but it does not observe the worker’s type.
After that, the firm chooses between assigning the worker to the managerial job or the clerical job.

If the worker is high-ability and does not get an education, the firm chooses between the managerial job and the clerical job.
If the firm assigns the managerial job there, the final reward is 10 for the worker and 10 for the firm.
If the firm assigns the clerical job there, the final reward is 4 for the worker and 4 for the firm.

If the worker is low-ability and does not get an education, the firm again chooses between the managerial job and the clerical job.
The firm cannot tell whether the no-education signal came from the high-ability worker or the low-ability worker.
If the firm assigns the managerial job there, the final reward is 10 for the worker and 0 for the firm.
If the firm assigns the clerical job there, the final reward is 4 for the worker and 4 for the firm.

If the worker is high-ability and gets an education, the firm chooses between the managerial job and the clerical job.
If the firm assigns the managerial job there, the final reward is 6 for the worker and 10 for the firm.
If the firm assigns the clerical job there, the final reward is 0 for the worker and 4 for the firm.

If the worker is low-ability and gets an education, the firm again chooses between the managerial job and the clerical job.
The firm cannot tell whether the education signal came from the high-ability worker or the low-ability worker.
If the firm assigns the managerial job there, the final reward is 3 for the worker and 0 for the firm.
If the firm assigns the clerical job there, the final reward is -3 for the worker and 4 for the firm.