V4 (team training facility)

At the outset, the team captain may be either an ordinary captain or a cooperative captain.
The ordinary captain occurs with probability 3/4.
The cooperative captain occurs with probability 1/4.
The captain learns which type applies.
The assistant coach does not observe the captain’s type.

If the captain is ordinary, the captain first chooses whether to invest in fixing the training facility or not.
If the ordinary captain does not invest, the game ends with a final reward of 0 for the captain and 0 for the assistant coach.
If the ordinary captain invests, the assistant coach then chooses whether to invest as well or not.
The assistant coach does not know whether the investor is the ordinary captain or the cooperative captain.
If the assistant coach does not invest after the ordinary captain invests, the final reward is -2 for the captain and 0 for the assistant coach.
If the assistant coach invests after the ordinary captain invests, the captain then chooses whether to reserve the facility selfishly or share it.
If the ordinary captain reserves it selfishly, the final reward is 6 for the captain and -2 for the assistant coach.
If the ordinary captain shares it, the final reward is 2 for the captain and 2 for the assistant coach.

If the captain is cooperative, the captain first chooses whether to invest in fixing the training facility or not.
If the cooperative captain does not invest, the game ends with a final reward of 0 for the captain and 0 for the assistant coach.
If the cooperative captain invests, the assistant coach then chooses whether to invest as well or not.
The assistant coach again does not know whether the investor is ordinary or cooperative.
If the assistant coach does not invest after the cooperative captain invests, the final reward is 1 for the captain and 0 for the assistant coach.
If the assistant coach invests after the cooperative captain invests, the captain then chooses whether to reserve the facility selfishly or share it.
If the cooperative captain reserves it selfishly, the final reward is 1 for the captain and -2 for the assistant coach.
If the cooperative captain shares it, the final reward is 2 for the captain and 2 for the assistant coach.