Textbook Original Description: 

In the envelope game, there are two players and two envelopes. 
One of the envelopes is marked “player 1,” and the other is marked “player 2.” 
At the beginning of the game, each envelope contains one dollar. 
Player 1 is given the choice between stopping the game and continuing. 
If he chooses to stop, then each player receives the money in his own envelope and the game ends. 
If player 1 chooses to continue, then a dollar is removed from his envelope and two dollars are added to player 2’s envelope. 

Then player 2 must choose between stopping the game and continuing. 
If he stops, then the game ends and each player keeps the money in his own envelope. 
If player 2 elects to continue, then a dollar is removed from his envelope and two dollars are added to player 1’s envelope. 

Play continues like this, alternating between the players, until either one of them decides to stop or 5 rounds of play have elapsed. 
If neither player chooses to stop by the end of the 5th round, then both players obtain zero. 
Assume players want to maximize the amount of money they earn.

V0 (closest to the textbook)

There are two players and two envelopes.
At the beginning, each envelope contains 1 dollar.
Whenever a player chooses to continue, 1 dollar is removed from that player’s own envelope and 2 dollars are added to the other player’s envelope.
The players move in turn, and each move is a choice between stopping and continuing.
If someone stops, the game ends immediately and each player keeps the money then in that player’s own envelope.
If nobody stops by the end of the fifth move, both players get 0.

Player 1 moves first.
If Player 1 stops immediately, the final reward is 1 for Player 1 and 1 for Player 2.
If Player 1 continues, the envelopes become 0 for Player 1 and 3 for Player 2.

Player 2 then chooses.
If Player 2 stops there, the final reward is 0 for Player 1 and 3 for Player 2.
If Player 2 continues, the envelopes become 2 for Player 1 and 2 for Player 2.

Player 1 then chooses again.
If Player 1 stops there, the final reward is 2 for Player 1 and 2 for Player 2.
If Player 1 continues, the envelopes become 1 for Player 1 and 4 for Player 2.

Player 2 then chooses again.
If Player 2 stops there, the final reward is 1 for Player 1 and 4 for Player 2.
If Player 2 continues, the envelopes become 3 for Player 1 and 3 for Player 2.

Player 1 then makes the fifth and last move.
If Player 1 stops there, the final reward is 3 for Player 1 and 3 for Player 2.
If Player 1 continues, the five rounds are exhausted and the final reward is 0 for both players.