V2 — River Crossing

There are three decision makers: an expedition leader, a route officer, and a terrain scout.
The expedition leader moves first and chooses between Camp Here (Out), Top Ridge (T), and Bottom Pass (B).

If the expedition leader chooses Camp Here (Out), the expedition ends immediately with reward 2 to each player.

If the expedition leader chooses Top Ridge (T) or Bottom Pass (B), the route officer moves next and chooses
between Left Fork (L) and Right Fork (R).
The route officer cannot tell whether the earlier route choice was Top Ridge (T) or Bottom Pass (B).

After that, the terrain scout moves and chooses between Climb Up (U), Mark Camp (M), and Descend (D).
The terrain scout does not know the earlier choices.

If the path is Top Ridge (T), Left Fork (L), Climb Up (U),
the outcome gives reward 3 to the leader, reward 1 to the route officer, and reward 1 to the scout.
If the path is Top Ridge (T), Left Fork (L), Mark Camp (M),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 0 to the route officer, and reward -1 to the scout.
If the path is Top Ridge (T), Left Fork (L), Descend (D),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 2 to the route officer, and reward 0 to the scout.

If the path is Top Ridge (T), Right Fork (R), Climb Up (U),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 0 to the route officer, and reward 1 to the scout.
If the path is Top Ridge (T), Right Fork (R), Mark Camp (M),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 1 to the route officer, and reward -1 to the scout.
If the path is Top Ridge (T), Right Fork (R), Descend (D),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 3 to the route officer, and reward 0 to the scout.

If the path is Bottom Pass (B), Left Fork (L), Climb Up (U),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 1 to the route officer, and reward 0 to the scout.
If the path is Bottom Pass (B), Left Fork (L), Mark Camp (M),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 0 to the route officer, and reward -1 to the scout.
If the path is Bottom Pass (B), Left Fork (L), Descend (D),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 2 to the route officer, and reward 1 to the scout.

If the path is Bottom Pass (B), Right Fork (R), Climb Up (U),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 0 to the route officer, and reward 0 to the scout.
If the path is Bottom Pass (B), Right Fork (R), Mark Camp (M),
the outcome gives reward 0 to the leader, reward 1 to the route officer, and reward -1 to the scout.
If the path is Bottom Pass (B), Right Fork (R), Descend (D),
the outcome gives reward 3 to the leader, reward 1 to the route officer, and reward 1 to the scout.