Textbook Original Description: 

Represent the following strategic situation as an extensive-form game. ­ Janet
is a contestant on a popular game show, and her task is to guess behind
which door Liz, another contestant, is standing. With Janet out of the room,
Liz chooses a door behind which to stand—either door A or door B. The
host, Monty, observes this choice. Janet, not having observed Liz’s choice,
then enters the room. Monty says to Janet either “Red” or “Green” (which
sounds silly, of course, but it is a silly game show). After hearing Monty’s
statement, Janet picks a door (she says either “A” or “B”). If she picks the
correct door, then she wins $100. If she picks the wrong door, then she wins
nothing. Liz wins $100 if Janet picks the wrong door and nothing if she
picks the correct door. (Thus, Liz would like to hide from Janet, and Janet
would like to find Liz.) Monty likes the letter A. If Janet selects door A, then
this selection makes Monty happy to the tune of 10 units of utility. If she
selects door B, then Monty receives 0 utility units.

V0 (closest to the textbook)

Liz chooses first, while Janet is out of the room.
She hides behind either door A or door B.
Monty sees where Liz is standing.
Janet then comes in, and Monty says either “Red” or “Green.”
After hearing that message, Janet picks a door.
If Janet picks the correct door, Janet wins 100 and Liz gets 0.
If Janet picks the wrong door, Liz wins 100 and Janet gets 0.
Monty gets 10 if Janet picks door A and 0 if Janet picks door B.

If Liz hides behind door A and Monty says Red, then Janet’s choice decides the result.
If Janet picks A, the final reward is 0 for Liz, 10 for Monty, and 100 for Janet.
If Janet picks B, the final reward is 100 for Liz, 0 for Monty, and 0 for Janet.

If Liz hides behind door A and Monty says Green, Janet again chooses between A and B.
If Janet picks A, the final reward is 0 for Liz, 10 for Monty, and 100 for Janet.
If Janet picks B, the final reward is 100 for Liz, 0 for Monty, and 0 for Janet.

If Liz hides behind door B and Monty says Red, Janet chooses between A and B.
If Janet picks A, the final reward is 100 for Liz, 10 for Monty, and 0 for Janet.
If Janet picks B, the final reward is 0 for Liz, 0 for Monty, and 100 for Janet.

If Liz hides behind door B and Monty says Green, Janet again chooses between A and B.
If Janet picks A, the final reward is 100 for Liz, 10 for Monty, and 0 for Janet.
If Janet picks B, the final reward is 0 for Liz, 0 for Monty, and 100 for Janet.