V2 (wildlife sanctuary trip)

At the outset, a rare animal sighting may either be available that day or not, with probability 0.5 for each case.
Morgan learns whether the rare sighting is available.
Taylor does not observe this directly.

If the rare sighting is available, Morgan chooses whether to bring the official sanctuary bulletin to Taylor or not.
If Morgan brings the bulletin in the sighting case, Taylor then chooses whether to drive to the sanctuary or skip the trip.
If Taylor drives after seeing the bulletin in the sighting case, the final reward is 1 for Morgan and 1 for Taylor.
If Taylor skips the trip after seeing the bulletin in the sighting case, the final reward is -2 for Morgan and 0 for Taylor.

If Morgan does not bring the bulletin in the sighting case, Taylor still chooses whether to drive to the sanctuary or skip the trip.
If Taylor drives after Morgan does not bring the bulletin in the sighting case, the final reward is 3 for Morgan and 1 for Taylor.
If Taylor skips the trip after Morgan does not bring the bulletin in the sighting case, the final reward is 0 for Morgan and 0 for Taylor.

If the rare sighting is not available, Morgan again chooses whether to bring the bulletin or not.
If Morgan brings the bulletin in the no-sighting case, Taylor then chooses whether to drive to the sanctuary or skip the trip.
If Taylor drives after seeing the bulletin in the no-sighting case, the final reward is -1 for Morgan and -1 for Taylor.
If Taylor skips the trip after seeing the bulletin in the no-sighting case, the final reward is -2 for Morgan and 0 for Taylor.

If Morgan does not bring the bulletin in the no-sighting case, Taylor still chooses whether to drive to the sanctuary or skip the trip.
Taylor cannot tell from the missing bulletin whether the rare sighting is available or not.
If Taylor drives after Morgan does not bring the bulletin in the no-sighting case, the final reward is 1 for Morgan and -1 for Taylor.
If Taylor skips the trip after Morgan does not bring the bulletin in the no-sighting case, the final reward is 0 for Morgan and 0 for Taylor.