V4 (sports practice session)

At the outset, a star athlete may either be taking part in an open training session or not, with probability 0.5 for each case.
Riley learns whether the star athlete is attending.
Parker does not observe this directly.

If the star athlete is attending, Riley chooses whether to bring the team schedule sheet to Parker or not.
If Riley brings the schedule sheet in the attendance case, Parker then chooses whether to drive to the training ground or not.
If Parker drives after seeing the sheet in the attendance case, the final reward is 1 for Riley and 1 for Parker.
If Parker refuses after seeing the sheet in the attendance case, the final reward is -2 for Riley and 0 for Parker.

If Riley does not bring the schedule sheet in the attendance case, Parker still chooses whether to drive to the training ground or not.
If Parker drives after Riley does not bring the sheet in the attendance case, the final reward is 3 for Riley and 1 for Parker.
If Parker refuses after Riley does not bring the sheet in the attendance case, the final reward is 0 for Riley and 0 for Parker.

If the star athlete is not attending, Riley again chooses whether to bring the schedule sheet or not.
If Riley brings the schedule sheet in the no-attendance case, Parker then chooses whether to drive to the training ground or not.
If Parker drives after seeing the sheet in the no-attendance case, the final reward is -1 for Riley and -1 for Parker.
If Parker refuses after seeing the sheet in the no-attendance case, the final reward is -2 for Riley and 0 for Parker.

If Riley does not bring the schedule sheet in the no-attendance case, Parker still chooses whether to drive to the training ground or not.
Parker cannot tell from the missing sheet whether the star athlete is attending or not.
If Parker drives after Riley does not bring the sheet in the no-attendance case, the final reward is 1 for Riley and -1 for Parker.
If Parker refuses after Riley does not bring the sheet in the no-attendance case, the final reward is 0 for Riley and 0 for Parker.