V1 — Shipping Contract

There are two sides, a Shipping Firm and a Port Crew.
The Shipping Firm first chooses between Low Bonus (Low) and High Bonus (High).

After that, chance determines the operating environment.
With probability 1/2, there is Clear Harbor.
With probability 1/2, there is Storm Delay.

If the Shipping Firm chooses Low Bonus (Low) and the environment is Clear Harbor,
the Port Crew chooses between standard effort (low) and extra effort (high).
If the path is Low Bonus (Low), Clear Harbor, standard effort (low), the outcome gives reward 4 to the Shipping Firm and reward 4 to the Port Crew.
If the path is Low Bonus (Low), Clear Harbor, extra effort (high), the outcome gives reward 12 to the Shipping Firm and reward 3 to the Port Crew.

If the Shipping Firm chooses Low Bonus (Low) and the environment is Storm Delay,
the Port Crew again chooses between standard effort (low) and extra effort (high).
If the path is Low Bonus (Low), Storm Delay, standard effort (low), the outcome gives reward 4 to the Shipping Firm and reward 2 to the Port Crew.
If the path is Low Bonus (Low), Storm Delay, extra effort (high), the outcome gives reward 12 to the Shipping Firm and reward 1 to the Port Crew.

If the Shipping Firm chooses High Bonus (High) and the environment is Clear Harbor,
the Port Crew chooses between standard effort (low) and extra effort (high).
If the path is High Bonus (High), Clear Harbor, standard effort (low), the outcome gives reward 2 to the Shipping Firm and reward 6 to the Port Crew.
If the path is High Bonus (High), Clear Harbor, extra effort (high), the outcome gives reward 10 to the Shipping Firm and reward 5 to the Port Crew.

If the Shipping Firm chooses High Bonus (High) and the environment is Storm Delay,
the Port Crew chooses between standard effort (low) and extra effort (high).
If the path is High Bonus (High), Storm Delay, standard effort (low), the outcome gives reward 2 to the Shipping Firm and reward 4 to the Port Crew.
If the path is High Bonus (High), Storm Delay, extra effort (high), the outcome gives reward 10 to the Shipping Firm and reward 3 to the Port Crew.