V2 — Film Production

There are two sides, a Studio and a Production Team.
The Studio first chooses between Low Budget (Low) and High Budget (High).

After that, chance determines the filming conditions.
With probability 1/2, there is Smooth Schedule.
With probability 1/2, there is Weather Delay.

If the Studio chooses Low Budget (Low) and the conditions are Smooth Schedule,
the Production Team chooses between basic effort (low) and intensive effort (high).
If the path is Low Budget (Low), Smooth Schedule, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 4 to the Studio and reward 4 to the Production Team.
If the path is Low Budget (Low), Smooth Schedule, intensive effort (high), the outcome gives reward 12 to the Studio and reward 3 to the Production Team.

If the Studio chooses Low Budget (Low) and the conditions are Weather Delay,
the Production Team again chooses between basic effort (low) and intensive effort (high).
If the path is Low Budget (Low), Weather Delay, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 4 to the Studio and reward 2 to the Production Team.
If the path is Low Budget (Low), Weather Delay, intensive effort (high), the outcome gives reward 12 to the Studio and reward 1 to the Production Team.

If the Studio chooses High Budget (High) and the conditions are Smooth Schedule,
the Production Team chooses between basic effort (low) and intensive effort (high).
If the path is High Budget (High), Smooth Schedule, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 2 to the Studio and reward 6 to the Production Team.
If the path is High Budget (High), Smooth Schedule, intensive effort (high), the outcome gives reward 10 to the Studio and reward 5 to the Production Team.

If the Studio chooses High Budget (High) and the conditions are Weather Delay,
the Production Team chooses between basic effort (low) and intensive effort (high).
If the path is High Budget (High), Weather Delay, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 2 to the Studio and reward 4 to the Production Team.
If the path is High Budget (High), Weather Delay, intensive effort (high), the outcome gives reward 10 to the Studio and reward 3 to the Production Team.