V3 — Harvest Season

There are two sides, a Farm Owner and a Harvest Crew.
The Farm Owner first chooses between Low Pay (Low) and High Pay (High).

After that, chance determines the season conditions.
With probability 1/2, there is Dry Weather.
With probability 1/2, there is Heavy Rain.

If the Farm Owner chooses Low Pay (Low) and the conditions are Dry Weather,
the Harvest Crew chooses between basic effort (low) and high effort (high).
If the path is Low Pay (Low), Dry Weather, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 4 to the Farm Owner and reward 4 to the Harvest Crew.
If the path is Low Pay (Low), Dry Weather, high effort (high), the outcome gives reward 12 to the Farm Owner and reward 3 to the Harvest Crew.

If the Farm Owner chooses Low Pay (Low) and the conditions are Heavy Rain,
the Harvest Crew again chooses between basic effort (low) and high effort (high).
If the path is Low Pay (Low), Heavy Rain, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 4 to the Farm Owner and reward 2 to the Harvest Crew.
If the path is Low Pay (Low), Heavy Rain, high effort (high), the outcome gives reward 12 to the Farm Owner and reward 1 to the Harvest Crew.

If the Farm Owner chooses High Pay (High) and the conditions are Dry Weather,
the Harvest Crew chooses between basic effort (low) and high effort (high).
If the path is High Pay (High), Dry Weather, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 2 to the Farm Owner and reward 6 to the Harvest Crew.
If the path is High Pay (High), Dry Weather, high effort (high), the outcome gives reward 10 to the Farm Owner and reward 5 to the Harvest Crew.

If the Farm Owner chooses High Pay (High) and the conditions are Heavy Rain,
the Harvest Crew chooses between basic effort (low) and high effort (high).
If the path is High Pay (High), Heavy Rain, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 2 to the Farm Owner and reward 4 to the Harvest Crew.
If the path is High Pay (High), Heavy Rain, high effort (high), the outcome gives reward 10 to the Farm Owner and reward 3 to the Harvest Crew.