V4 — Museum Restoration

There are two sides, a Museum Board and a Restoration Team.
The Museum Board first chooses between Low Funding (Low) and High Funding (High).

After that, chance determines the restoration environment.
With probability 1/2, there is Stable Condition.
With probability 1/2, there is Unexpected Damage.

If the Museum Board chooses Low Funding (Low) and the environment is Stable Condition,
the Restoration Team chooses between basic effort (low) and intensive effort (high).
If the path is Low Funding (Low), Stable Condition, basic effort (low), 
the outcome gives reward 4 to the Museum Board and reward 4 to the Restoration Team.
If the path is Low Funding (Low), Stable Condition, intensive effort (high), 
the outcome gives reward 12 to the Museum Board and reward 3 to the Restoration Team.

If the Museum Board chooses Low Funding (Low) and the environment is Unexpected Damage,
the Restoration Team again chooses between basic effort (low) and intensive effort (high).
If the path is Low Funding (Low), Unexpected Damage, basic effort (low), 
the outcome gives reward 4 to the Museum Board and reward 2 to the Restoration Team.
If the path is Low Funding (Low), Unexpected Damage, intensive effort (high), 
the outcome gives reward 12 to the Museum Board and reward 1 to the Restoration Team.

If the Museum Board chooses High Funding (High) and the environment is Stable Condition,
the Restoration Team chooses between basic effort (low) and intensive effort (high).
If the path is High Funding (High), Stable Condition, basic effort (low), 
the outcome gives reward 2 to the Museum Board and reward 6 to the Restoration Team.
If the path is High Funding (High), Stable Condition, intensive effort (high), 
the outcome gives reward 10 to the Museum Board and reward 5 to the Restoration Team.

If the Museum Board chooses High Funding (High) and the environment is Unexpected Damage,
the Restoration Team chooses between basic effort (low) and intensive effort (high).
If the path is High Funding (High), Unexpected Damage, basic effort (low), 
the outcome gives reward 2 to the Museum Board and reward 4 to the Restoration Team.
If the path is High Funding (High), Unexpected Damage, intensive effort (high), 
the outcome gives reward 10 to the Museum Board and reward 3 to the Restoration Team.