V1 (space captain confrontation)

At the outset, a rebel captain may be either fully recovered or badly injured, with probability 0.5 for each case.
The captain knows which condition applies.
The governor does not observe the captain’s condition.

If the captain is fully recovered, the captain chooses whether to remain in the recovery pod or step out to confront the governor.
If the captain remains in the pod, the governor then chooses whether to back down or attack.
If the governor backs down after the captain remains in the pod, the final reward is 1 for the captain and 0 for the governor.
If the governor attacks after the captain remains in the pod, the final reward is 0 for the captain and -2 for the governor.

If the captain steps out while fully recovered, the governor again chooses whether to back down or attack.
The governor observes that the captain stepped out, but still does not know whether the captain is fully recovered or badly injured.
If the governor backs down after the captain steps out while fully recovered, the final reward is 1 for the captain and 0 for the governor.
If the governor attacks after the captain steps out while fully recovered, the final reward is 0 for the captain and -2 for the governor.

If the captain is badly injured, the captain chooses whether to remain in the recovery pod or step out.
If the captain remains in the pod while injured, the governor then chooses whether to back down or attack.
If the governor backs down there, the final reward is 1 for the captain and 0 for the governor.
If the governor attacks there, the final reward is -1 for the captain and 1 for the governor.

If the captain steps out while badly injured, the governor again chooses whether to back down or attack.
The governor observes the step out, but does not know the captain’s true condition.
If the governor backs down there, the final reward is 0.5 for the captain and 0 for the governor.
If the governor attacks there, the final reward is -1.5 for the captain and 1 for the governor.