V2 (sports locker room standoff)

At the outset, an injured star player may be either fully fit again or still weak, with probability 0.5 for each case.
The player knows which condition applies.
The opposing coach does not observe the player’s condition.

If the player is fully fit, the player chooses whether to stay on the bench or stand up and walk onto the court.
If the player stays on the bench, the opposing coach then chooses whether to concede the matchup or challenge aggressively.
If the coach concedes after the player stays on the bench, the final reward is 1 for the player and 0 for the coach.
If the coach challenges aggressively after the player stays on the bench, the final reward is 0 for the player and -2 for the coach.

If the player stands up while fully fit, the coach again chooses whether to concede or challenge aggressively.
The coach observes that the player stood up, but still does not know whether the player is fully fit or still weak.
If the coach concedes after the player stands up while fully fit, the final reward is 1 for the player and 0 for the coach.
If the coach challenges aggressively after the player stands up while fully fit, the final reward is 0 for the player and -2 for the coach.

If the player is still weak, the player chooses whether to stay on the bench or stand up.
If the player stays on the bench while weak, the coach then chooses whether to concede or challenge aggressively.
If the coach concedes there, the final reward is 1 for the player and 0 for the coach.
If the coach challenges aggressively there, the final reward is -1 for the player and 1 for the coach.

If the player stands up while weak, the coach again chooses whether to concede or challenge aggressively.
The coach observes the player standing up, but does not know the player’s true condition.
If the coach concedes there, the final reward is 0.5 for the player and 0 for the coach.
If the coach challenges aggressively there, the final reward is -1.5 for the player and 1 for the coach.