V1 (pharmaceutical alliance)

At the outset, a large pharmaceutical company may be either a cooperative partner or a predatory partner, with probability 0.5 for each.
The pharmaceutical company knows which type it is.
The biotech startup knows only that the two types are equally likely.

If the large firm is cooperative, it chooses whether to Buy a larger equity stake or Sell part of its current stake.
The startup observes whether the large firm chose Buy or Sell, but it does not observe whether the large firm is cooperative or predatory.
If the cooperative firm chooses Buy, the startup then chooses whether to Reveal or Hide its proprietary research.
If the startup reveals after seeing Buy from a cooperative firm, the final reward is 15 for the large firm and 12 for the startup.
If the startup hides after seeing Buy from a cooperative firm, the final reward is -1 for the large firm and 1 for the startup.

If the cooperative firm chooses Sell, the startup again chooses whether to Reveal or Hide.
If the startup reveals after seeing Sell from a cooperative firm, the final reward is 5 for the large firm and 6 for the startup.
If the startup hides after seeing Sell from a cooperative firm, the final reward is 5 for the large firm and -1 for the startup.

If the large firm is predatory, it also chooses whether to Buy a larger stake or Sell part of its current stake.
If the predatory firm chooses Buy, the startup then chooses whether to Reveal or Hide.
If the startup reveals after seeing Buy from a predatory firm, the final reward is 5 for the large firm and -6 for the startup.
If the startup hides after seeing Buy from a predatory firm, the final reward is 5 for the large firm and 1 for the startup.

If the predatory firm chooses Sell, the startup again chooses whether to Reveal or Hide.
If the startup reveals after seeing Sell from a predatory firm, the final reward is 15 for the large firm and -14 for the startup.
If the startup hides after seeing Sell from a predatory firm, the final reward is 0 for the large firm and -1 for the startup.