V2 (space technology partnership)

At the outset, a major aerospace contractor may be either an honest partner or an exploitative partner, with probability 0.5 for each.
The contractor knows which type it is.
The propulsion lab knows only that the two types are equally likely.

If the contractor is honest, it chooses whether to Buy a larger ownership share or Sell part of what it already owns.
The propulsion lab observes whether the contractor chose Buy or Sell, but it does not observe whether the contractor is honest or exploitative.
If the honest contractor chooses Buy, the propulsion lab then chooses whether to Reveal or Hide its engine design secrets.
If the lab reveals after seeing Buy from an honest contractor, the final reward is 15 for the contractor and 12 for the lab.
If the lab hides after seeing Buy from an honest contractor, the final reward is -1 for the contractor and 1 for the lab.

If the honest contractor chooses Sell, the lab again chooses whether to Reveal or Hide.
If the lab reveals after seeing Sell from an honest contractor, the final reward is 5 for the contractor and 6 for the lab.
If the lab hides after seeing Sell from an honest contractor, the final reward is 5 for the contractor and -1 for the lab.

If the contractor is exploitative, it also chooses whether to Buy a larger ownership share or Sell part of what it already owns.
If the exploitative contractor chooses Buy, the lab then chooses whether to Reveal or Hide.
If the lab reveals after seeing Buy from an exploitative contractor, the final reward is 5 for the contractor and -6 for the lab.
If the lab hides after seeing Buy from an exploitative contractor, the final reward is 5 for the contractor and 1 for the lab.

If the exploitative contractor chooses Sell, the lab again chooses whether to Reveal or Hide.
If the lab reveals after seeing Sell from an exploitative contractor, the final reward is 15 for the contractor and -14 for the lab.
If the lab hides after seeing Sell from an exploitative contractor, the final reward is 0 for the contractor and -1 for the lab.