V1 (wildlife rescue truck)

At the outset, the owner of a rescue truck may be either an ordinary owner or a cooperative owner.
The ordinary owner occurs with probability 3/4.
The cooperative owner occurs with probability 1/4.
The owner learns which type applies.
The mechanic does not observe the owner’s type.

If the owner is ordinary, the owner first chooses whether to invest in repairing the truck or not.
If the ordinary owner does not invest, the game ends with a final reward of 0 for the owner and 0 for the mechanic.
If the ordinary owner invests, the mechanic then chooses whether to invest as well or not.
The mechanic does not know whether the investor is the ordinary owner or the cooperative owner.
If the mechanic does not invest after the ordinary owner invests, the final reward is -2 for the owner and 0 for the mechanic.
If the mechanic invests after the ordinary owner invests, the owner then chooses whether to keep the truck selfishly or share it.
If the ordinary owner keeps it selfishly, the final reward is 6 for the owner and -2 for the mechanic.
If the ordinary owner shares it, the final reward is 2 for the owner and 2 for the mechanic.

If the owner is cooperative, the owner first chooses whether to invest in repairing the truck or not.
If the cooperative owner does not invest, the game ends with a final reward of 0 for the owner and 0 for the mechanic.
If the cooperative owner invests, the mechanic then chooses whether to invest as well or not.
The mechanic again does not know whether the investor is ordinary or cooperative.
If the mechanic does not invest after the cooperative owner invests, the final reward is 1 for the owner and 0 for the mechanic.
If the mechanic invests after the cooperative owner invests, the owner then chooses whether to keep the truck selfishly or share it.
If the cooperative owner keeps it selfishly, the final reward is 1 for the owner and -2 for the mechanic.
If the cooperative owner shares it, the final reward is 2 for the owner and 2 for the mechanic.