V2 (space rover repair)

At the outset, the rover commander may be either an ordinary type or a cooperative type.
The ordinary type occurs with probability 3/4.
The cooperative type occurs with probability 1/4.
The commander learns which type applies.
The engineer does not observe the commander’s type.

If the commander is ordinary, the commander first chooses whether to invest effort in the rover repair or not.
If the ordinary commander does not invest, the game ends with a final reward of 0 for the commander and 0 for the engineer.
If the ordinary commander invests, the engineer then chooses whether to invest effort as well or not.
The engineer does not know whether the investor is the ordinary commander or the cooperative commander.
If the engineer does not invest after the ordinary commander invests, the final reward is -2 for the commander and 0 for the engineer.
If the engineer invests after the ordinary commander invests, the commander then chooses whether to use the rover selfishly or share it.
If the ordinary commander uses it selfishly, the final reward is 6 for the commander and -2 for the engineer.
If the ordinary commander shares it, the final reward is 2 for the commander and 2 for the engineer.

If the commander is cooperative, the commander first chooses whether to invest effort in the rover repair or not.
If the cooperative commander does not invest, the game ends with a final reward of 0 for the commander and 0 for the engineer.
If the cooperative commander invests, the engineer then chooses whether to invest effort as well or not.
The engineer again does not know whether the investor is ordinary or cooperative.
If the engineer does not invest after the cooperative commander invests, the final reward is 1 for the commander and 0 for the engineer.
If the engineer invests after the cooperative commander invests, the commander then chooses whether to use the rover selfishly or share it.
If the cooperative commander uses it selfishly, the final reward is 1 for the commander and -2 for the engineer.
If the cooperative commander shares it, the final reward is 2 for the commander and 2 for the engineer.