V5 — Robotics Contract

There are two sides, a Tech Firm and a Robotics Team.
The Tech Firm first chooses between Low Contract (Low) and High Contract (High).

After that, chance determines the operating conditions.
With probability 1/2, there is Stable Power.
With probability 1/2, there is Grid Disruption.

If the Tech Firm chooses Low Contract (Low) and the conditions are Stable Power,
the Robotics Team chooses between basic effort (low) and high effort (high).
If the path is Low Contract (Low), Stable Power, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 4 to the Tech Firm and reward 4 to the Robotics Team.
If the path is Low Contract (Low), Stable Power, high effort (high), the outcome gives reward 12 to the Tech Firm and reward 3 to the Robotics Team.

If the Tech Firm chooses Low Contract (Low) and the conditions are Grid Disruption,
the Robotics Team again chooses between basic effort (low) and high effort (high).
If the path is Low Contract (Low), Grid Disruption, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 4 to the Tech Firm and reward 2 to the Robotics Team.
If the path is Low Contract (Low), Grid Disruption, high effort (high), the outcome gives reward 12 to the Tech Firm and reward 1 to the Robotics Team.

If the Tech Firm chooses High Contract (High) and the conditions are Stable Power,
the Robotics Team chooses between basic effort (low) and high effort (high).
If the path is High Contract (High), Stable Power, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 2 to the Tech Firm and reward 6 to the Robotics Team.
If the path is High Contract (High), Stable Power, high effort (high), the outcome gives reward 10 to the Tech Firm and reward 5 to the Robotics Team.

If the Tech Firm chooses High Contract (High) and the conditions are Grid Disruption,
the Robotics Team chooses between basic effort (low) and high effort (high).
If the path is High Contract (High), Grid Disruption, basic effort (low), the outcome gives reward 2 to the Tech Firm and reward 4 to the Robotics Team.
If the path is High Contract (High), Grid Disruption, high effort (high), the outcome gives reward 10 to the Tech Firm and reward 3 to the Robotics Team.