V3 (film archive restoration)

It is unknown that whether a newly found film reel contains a major lost masterpiece or almost no usable footage.
With probability 2/3, the reel’s restoration value is 12.
With probability 1/3, the value is 0.
The restoration director learns this hidden value before choosing a restoration plan.
The studio executive does not observe the reel’s value and does not observe the chosen restoration plan before deciding on the release strategy.

If the hidden value is 12 and the restoration director chooses plan A while the studio executive chooses strategy C, the final reward is 12 for the restoration director and 9 for the studio executive.
If the hidden value is 12 and the restoration director chooses plan A while the studio executive chooses strategy D, the final reward is 3 for the restoration director and 6 for the studio executive.
If the hidden value is 12 and the restoration director chooses plan B while the studio executive chooses strategy C, the final reward is 6 for the restoration director and 0 for the studio executive.
If the hidden value is 12 and the restoration director chooses plan B while the studio executive chooses strategy D, the final reward is 6 for the restoration director and 9 for the studio executive.

If the hidden value is 0 and the restoration director chooses plan A while the studio executive chooses strategy C, the final reward is 0 for the restoration director and 9 for the studio executive.
If the hidden value is 0 and the restoration director chooses plan A while the studio executive chooses strategy D, the final reward is 3 for the restoration director and 6 for the studio executive.
If the hidden value is 0 and the restoration director chooses plan B while the studio executive chooses strategy C, the final reward is 6 for the restoration director and 0 for the studio executive.
If the hidden value is 0 and the restoration director chooses plan B while the studio executive chooses strategy D, the final reward is 6 for the restoration director and 9 for the studio executive.