V4 (esports team recruitment)

At the outset, a player may be either a high-skill competitor or a low-skill competitor.
The high-skill type occurs with probability 1/3.
The low-skill type occurs with probability 2/3.
The player learns her own type.
The team does not observe the player’s type.

The player then chooses whether to complete a costly elite training program or not.
The team observes whether the player completed the program, but it does not observe her true skill.
After that, the team chooses between giving her a shot-caller role or a routine support role.

If the player is high-skill and does not complete the training program, the team chooses between the shot-caller role and the support role.
If the team gives the shot-caller role there, the final reward is 10 for the player and 10 for the team.
If the team gives the support role there, the final reward is 4 for the player and 4 for the team.

If the player is low-skill and does not complete the training program, the team again chooses between the shot-caller role and the support role.
The team cannot tell whether the no-training signal came from the high-skill or low-skill player.
If the team gives the shot-caller role there, the final reward is 10 for the player and 0 for the team.
If the team gives the support role there, the final reward is 4 for the player and 4 for the team.

If the player is high-skill and completes the training program, the team chooses between the shot-caller role and the support role.
If the team gives the shot-caller role there, the final reward is 6 for the player and 10 for the team.
If the team gives the support role there, the final reward is 0 for the player and 4 for the team.

If the player is low-skill and completes the training program, the team again chooses between the shot-caller role and the support role.
The team cannot tell whether the training signal came from the high-skill or low-skill player.
If the team gives the shot-caller role there, the final reward is 3 for the player and 0 for the team.
If the team gives the support role there, the final reward is -3 for the player and 4 for the team.